well we are at the semifinals right now
we've returned you might notice this is
a familiar set up for a Shox and Travis
interview I interviewed Shox here a year
and a half ago but right now I'm here
with coverage presented by Mobile Enix
hello that's great yeah you know you
have no control I love it whatever I
interview you because you are always and
so so much control of all every
on-camera situation because you hold the
microphone you're doing the interview
here you have no control I'm very sorry
that's okay I'm leaving in two days
anyways so this week and it's all
falling apart it's fine yeah there's a
little dent that's fine it'll Mobile
Enix is such a strong brand that this
will anyway let's talk about world so
far for you now a lot of people I'll
admit it myself
I was a little timid about going to
China for so long yeah I don't know what
Mike didn't pick that up so well nobody
will know that you said you weren't sure
for yet a booger so I was a little timid
about going to China for a month on
myself but I feel like it has been
really really fun what has it been like
for you to spend you know the past month
or so here well I would say always
looking back on the whole thing is
always a lot of fun but after
quarterfinals there's a bit of a dip I
think for everyone in the crew just
because at that point you've been on the
road for three weeks plus you get not as
big as the cadence of games to keep you
occupied or like it's kind of what
you're focusing on because group stage
is like games games games games in four
games and then it's like a week and I
think that's when you you know start to
miss home a little bit and you start to
feel the tiredness the first people are
getting sick so that's like the dip but
I think coming here and just being back
in this venue where we had some great
moments when we were here you know CLG
we were here two years ago as well as
the looking ahead to the bird's nest is
really kicking in now so it's forgiven
what have you thought about the games I
asked Coby what he thought about the
games at Worlds and he said there were a
lot of them and I asked him to avert add
them all up an average the mountain he
gave them a 7.4 so what would you what
would you say about the world's games
this year
it depends on what you're gonna score
them on right if you're gonna score them
on purely how high skill they were
although I sometimes think that's also
just very hard to say when two teams are
just playing really really bad but in
terms of entertainment factor I'm giving
them a solid eight and a half out of ten
if not more because it has been very
consistent in delivering entertainment
which sometimes does come because of bad
play but I think more it's come because
of people were willing to challenge the
meta especially in semifinals people
were willing to say screw that we're
gonna play something else at quarters
sorry yes quarterfinals and it's
bleeding incident semifinals as well so
that's been very entertaining to me and
it's funny to me because always the
ardent censor meta is what so many
people are not happy about totally
understandable but I guess it just did
enable the fact that people wanted to
play against it in some way so it's been
good what what would you have scored it
if misfits had won that game and made it
out into the semi-finals oh my god I was
just like everyone else before that I
was like you know it would be a huge
upset I really don't see it happening
and then it happens and I just look at
it as they had such they had a
one-in-a-million chance to take down SKT
to be the team and not just any team in
EU LCS team but also a team that was
Challenger just a year ago of these
upstarts that you really like want to
see succeed one-in-a-million chance to
have that happen and they I mean they
must feel awful about it but I also
think you have to allow yourself to feel
awful about it for a while because
that's that's where growth is gonna come
from and I'm sure they do and then just
look at wow they played there in hearts
out there and that was amazing and of
course if SKT ends up losing in the
semis or something people will be like
wow just cuz SKT wasn't that strong but
I don't think that should take anything
away from that misfits performance and
just how as a team in a team environment
and with a coach they just went in there
with the right mentality and that's what
a lot of teams should look up to do you
think it was the mentality because I
remember I interviewed max lore the day
after and he was basically saying yeah
we thought we could win this like SKT is
like any team we can win against any
team so do you think it was kind of that
mentality that they had for sure I mean
I'm not gonna lie when Max or in the
first weeks of
LCS on the desk or in a video and was
like I'm the I'm gonna be the best
juggler in the world of course you
snicker and you go yeah man let's start
with the LCS but he carried that through
so much and I think that's really what
the team said as well he said in the
first interview I was a bit like hey you
know experienced that kind of angle and
he was like no screw that if you're not
here to think you're gonna win and
coincidentally that's also always what
TSM says and doublelift right and I do
think that is kind of the right mindset
you have to think you can win the
difference is that they believe that on
the rift and they draft it to it and
they played to it which is a very hard
thing to do and I wonder if it also has
something to do with being the first
time that they're in that position
because you know once experience comes
in and maybe new coaches come in and new
everything around the changes and maybe
I don't know things can change so fast
this is why I think it was such a kind
of unique opportunity for them now any
fun stories any interesting things that
you've enjoyed about China that you've
gone out and done heard that you just
you were hanging out with can you saw
Candace recently and maybe she gave me
something I don't know she told me we
talked it was great yeah she's super
super super nice she's super friendly
and she I remember because you actually
you remind me of the fact that she was
just in the press corps last year and
then she made this huge leap and to me
it is so incredibly incredibly
impressive that she does the English
Mandarin translations live on stage and
I say that because I just people always
like oh you you speak some languages
whatever but I don't think that's nearly
as impressive as speaking such complete
vastly different languages with a
different alphabet in an interview in
front of a crowd that is so impressive
and just behind the scenes she's been
very very sweet to me she hooked me up
with Chinese formal dress or I don't
know how to pronounce that I'll
pronounce it so that it's a keep how
keep what coupe I'll see if I print out
so it's why cuz did you oh yeah
exactly but she got me a couple of those
because she wanted me to try them out
and just in general she's just the
sweetest and the most hard-working and I
think yeah that's actually been a really
big
factor of just the event overall and
yeah we've gone out and seen some of the
sights you and me fit up some touristy
areas and some bars and whatnot it's
been good it has been good I like you
know I really like Shanghai by the way
every this is my third time here and I
keep remembering every time I come here
like this place is so cool I feel like I
could live here it's very very nice LPL
hosting job city I always said that I
would like to live somewhere vastly
different to where I live now because I
think you know in within Europe yes the
cities are nice but all it's not like
vastly different or a culture shock or
anything same for our European that goes
to LA I think or goes to North America
but living for instance in Shanghai
would be such I think such an enriching
experience that's not on the cards for
me but it would be it's a great city
it's an amazing city I've gone to one
European see I feel like they're all the
same you know like oh basically it's
just I just mean like you go to one eye
I can't even tell I've gotten a multiple
because they just I'm like wait isn't
this a city I wasn't before you know
this is how alienate my European
audience I get like fifty percent of my
audiences from Europe and I just these
are how I get dislikes on the video yeah
about about fifty five percent is North
America and then there's some from like
Asia and South America but majority are
European and it's I think it's because
of these interviews with you that I do
every event they're like just waiting
interviewed either of them you do fish
you know
yeah he's who knows what's going on with
them I don't even know if we're ever
gonna see him again I hope I hope we do
you know drama he's behind now who is
worse ik Susie Ord official that's the
question right people know that I'm
talking I hope you feel better Martin
because I I actually if he had just
never if he had just been sick the
entire time Europe might have actually
made it out of quarterfinals right the
curse the curse like of course we can't
really take those are not reasons why
people are put or not fit on cast by the
way just so everyone knows but I was
still like sure not the reason yeah
I got you I underst
and now what is what's coming up for you
after worlds you're gonna go on a
vacation you're gonna go on a trip
anything cool I go to Mexico
I'm going on holiday whoa
I just don't want to think about it so
much because I want to focus on the goal
ahead but I'm really excited to just do
nothing at all and then I'm heading out
to the eSports industry Ward's with uh
with you oh that was a plug I guess for
them we're gonna be in the UK and then I
think you and I I've booked my trip out
a week later so you and I are just gonna
go hang out near Europe and do all sorts
of cool things right oh and Berlin
you're free to visit Berlin but also you
know we've got to go to Scandinavia and
Italy there's a lot to do there's a lot
to do but I'm super excited to be in my
apartment for a week and just I started
BioShock Infinite which I know it's an
old game but I'd never like started
playing it and I started before worlds
like two weeks and I think I'm literally
7% from finishing it and I don't have a
laptop that supports and I don't really
play games on the road so I've just been
aching to go and then play the older
Bioshock still people say it's really
scary and just play yeah who wins worlds
I mean I'm in this room right now so I
don't know what's happening in the other
my pick up says orangey and for like the
storyteller in me thinks at SK cnrg who
are currently playing
those are both amazing stories like
colossal stories but the kind of you
know we're having China we're in China
for world it would be really nice for
the fans to have a LPL team to rep it
says cheer on in the bird's nest so I
think yeah that probably takes cake for
me that storyline although I think SKT
is gonna way it was yeah by the way I
have noticed this there is a I've heard
multiple people reference the fact that
Jack seems to flip-flop a lot would you
like to comment on this I would not like
to comment on this I have no idea what
you're talking about because it's not
you said you pulled a jet so that
specific instance where he he's a great
storyteller right so where he you know
sets up and then just whooshes everyone
with uh-oh this is all I was saying but
I'm gonna go ask Annie I think you only
did it once so it's really unfair that I
brought of them yeah very good all right
so I feel like
about worlds we've talked about
everything else I may be this I'm done
there's nothing else I think right now
I'm just trying to stall you to see how
you do with an interview where you don't
get to see the game at all Christ your
time is up
there's nobody here to save you okay is
there anything you wanna say to the fans
all the fans of Travis are I wanted to
say like a variation on like there's a
man over there that's looking at you as
he he had these press specifically set
up at a very important way I know thank
you for watching Travis's content as
always and for listening to me and yeah
I'm just sub to my channel and please
sub to this channel he'll keep pumping
out that fantastic content but thank you
very much for listening to me as always
and I hope you're enjoying what I'm
doing at Worlds and yeah that's it maybe
ask him to follow me on Twitter and
Instagram to write your check out the
rest of my covers and well things rolls
right here on my youtube channel oh
hello I didn't see there I actually just
got back to the hotel after going to the
venue for some interviews and I'm
actually just checking out the new
mobile it's a sports site that's right
you've heard me talk to you about how
they help you figure out your strengths
and weaknesses but they've just launched
this new thing for worlds there's so
much functionality and we tell you about
it it's got schedules for the games and
I know a lot of you hate spoilers
there's actually a spoiler tag that
changes the functionality of the site to
hide results etc so that's what you're
interested in you've got that there are
pregame analytics and analysis for
matches before they even start
there are post game breakdowns builds
and more advanced sense including
analytics using mobile it's specific
formula there's even a section dedicated
to champions themselves in fact you can
search specifically for your favorite
player track their games view heat maps
read through their champions and see
more and finally by the way if watching
these videos is too taxing mobile digs
actually has transcribed many
my world interviews for your reading
pleasure so be sure to check it out it's
got all sorts of cool stuff on it
explore the site its eSports top mobile
X dot GG and by the way thanks for
watching this video you can actually
sign up for their service if you want to
get better at League of Legends over at
mobile extra GG / Travis